New Vite plugin docs for local development (#20586)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/workers/local-development/remote-data.mdx

---
pcx_content_type: navigation
title: Remote data
sidebar:
  order: 3
head: []
description: Working with data during remote development
---

import {
	Details,
	LinkCard,
	Render,
	PackageManagers,
	FileTree,
} from "~/components";

When developing Workers applications, you can use Wrangler's remote development mode (via [`wrangler dev --remote`](/workers/wrangler/commands/#dev)) to test your code on Cloudflare's global network before

> deploying to production. Remote development is [**not** supported in the Vite plugin](/local-development/wrangler-vs-vite/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
deploying to production. Remote development is [**not** supported in the Vite plugin](/workers/local-development/wrangler-vs-vite/).
```

> deploying to production. Remote development is [**not** supported in the Vite plugin](/workers/local-development/wrangler-vs-vite/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
deploying to production. Remote development is [**not** supported in the Vite plugin](/workers/local-development/#choosing-between-wrangler-or-vite).
```

<PackageManagers type="exec" pkg="wrangler" args="dev --remote" />

### How It Works

> The `wrangler dev --remote` command creates a temporary preview deployment on Cloudflare's infrastructure, allowing you to test your Worker in an environment that closely mirrors production.

Author: Hmm good question -- will update after these get landed
